# Group-8-Sec-A-Blockchain-Project
According to the search, the travel and tourism industry is the second-fastest-growing sector in the world, after manufacturing and blockchain technology is witnessing a growing interest in almost every sector. The travel and tourism industry, in this digital era, facing a trail of complex commercial transactions between traditionally players. Despite automation, payments and settlement in the travel industry continue to be challenging and time-consuming. A complex distribution system, frequent cancellation and refunds, and disconnected customer touchpoints add to the operation challenges in the travel and tourism industry.
Established companies and start-ups in the hospitality and tourism industry are constantly innovating to reduce existing pain points, seize opportunities and deal with threats, including optimizing online distribution services and attracting and retaining customers, for example through loyalty programs. Blockchain technology can make an important contribution to this and is also expected to contribute to innovation in the areas of payments, supply chain management and fraud prevention.
Blockchain can replace traditional intermediaries and add in the value system in order to identify potential benefits. The results imply blockchain applications along with the whole tourism value system, while it became apparent that traveling is streamlined through the transformation of time-intensive back-stage processes and thus offers extra value for the customers. 

HLD Link: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Zp_xDNtP2hz28R_bQOSRh40ojYp8PNfc/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=113100360146533662115&rtpof=true&sd=true

LLD Link: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XiFyN9JxYA0I5QIvwHY66FSlZRk5NMUs/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=113100360146533662115&rtpof=true&sd=true
